The user should pre approve any asset from the source chain that they want to cross chain swap to the escrow factory. So since its already pre approved, the user just needs to sign to authorize the action, doing it gaslessly. This is how the swaps should be made from the user side UX. So lets say the user wants to swap 50 USDT on Base Sepolia to 50 DAI on Arbitrum Sepolia, this request along with the hash of the user's secret is sent as a request to our express api service called relayer service. This relayer service posts this data on chain to start the dutch auction on chain (without creating the escrow contract). The relayers listening to the price drop once happy with the price, should create escrows with safety deposits of native currency on both chains. This makes this resolver the one responsible to complete the trade. No other resolvers can fill the trade from then on. But there's a catch, the resolver needs to complete the cross chain swap within a specific period of time, if the resolver fails to do it on time, any other resolver and complete the trade on the destination side and claim the safety deposits. For the settling process, the resolver first makes an API call to the relayer service which moves the users assets from their wallet to the escrow on the source chain. Then the resolver sends the agreed amount of tokens on the destination escrow and makes an API call to notify the relayer service that it has completed the trade. The relayer waits for few block confirmations to make sure both the source and destination chains have the assets locked in and cant be rolled back. Then, the relayer uses the secret obtained from the user to unlock the user's funds + safety deposit for resolver on the dest chain. Since the secret is revealed on the blockchain, the resolver reads it and reveals it on source chain to get source amount + safety deposit. This is the entire cycle of a cross chain swap.
